here males aren't a problem
females have worked out a plan to tame
an unbeatable way to live in harmony
regardless of the state of excitement
there's never any tension females
anticipate all discourse as soon as
conflict arises they mutually calm one
another and some will even provoke their
menfolk
just so they can get a bit of comfort in
this evening survival
domination rivalries and conquest are
not the usual daily fare females hold
the power and will defenitely I don't
know anyone on Savannah Lane who would
dare look into another's eyes while
making life the secret of evener systems
lies in two words
he's in love so the male's can just kick
back
in their small community isolated from
the rest of the world they can relax put
in some serious body time and meditate